---
name: Sieging
category: skills
layout: help_topic
---
Siege weapons actually have their own weapon slot in Lands of Hope, rather than placing a weapon outside each and every building you wish to siege you simply have to equip the weapon to your siege slot. This makes sieging as easy as using any weapon. There is only one skill for weapons called Siege Weapons, this covers the ranged and short ranged weapon types like Cannons and Battering Rams. There is also a Siege magic skill, which allows casters or players with a more magical build to siege buildings. The skills are not learnt from a trainer there is however an NPC in Fenwood Town (Sandydale) that will give you access to both skills when you are over level 100. After you have equipped your siege weapon (and any ammo it might need) you have to find a building that can be sieged, siegable buildings are ones in an opposite allegiance to you but not all of these buildings can be sieged. The clearest indication of if a building is siegable or not is if it has the crossed swords combat button when you move the mouse over it. This is the same button you would use to attack another player. When you attack the building with this button a special turn based combat window opens with the building where the building will fight back ... after the fight is over if you win the Building changes to your allegiance and will last that way for 60minutes. After which time it reverts to its previous allegiance. Sieging a building does not make you the buildings owner, or grant you any special access to the building.