If you need an item that isn't sold by the NPCs and you don't have the time and patience to get your crafting skills up to speed, the craft marketeer can be a big help.  Here's how to use him:

First, make sure you have at least one open slot in your queue, because that's where the item will go when you make it.  Go to Springlade (31, 59) or the main town of any realm and click on the General Marketeer.  At the bottom of the screen, click the "craft" button.  In the search box that appears, type in the name of the thing you want to make.  Since most people use the craft marketeer for buildings, as an example we'll say you're looking for a house deed, so you would type "deed" in the search box and click "Find."  A list of all the deeds you can have made will appear.  Search through the deeds until you find the one you want to create.  In this example, we'll choose a "Wooden Farm House deed."  Click on the deed name to continue the creation process.

When you click on the name, you will see two buttons, "Components" and "Info".  Click "Components" to see what materials you need to make the deed.  In the case of a Wooden Farm House deed, you will need 20 planks.  If the material is in red type, you do not have the materials in your inventory and must go get them.  If they are in green type, click on the material on the left side of the screen.  Once you have handed over all the materials required, an "OK" button will appear.  Click it.  A list of character names will appear.  Choose one of them to make your deed.  If you see a friend's name on the list, feel free to choose that one.  Otherwise, any of them will do.  Once you click the character name, the cost of the deed will appear on the right side of the screen along with a "Make" button.  When you click "Make" the deed will move to your queue.  As soon as it's finished, you're all set.

This example uses deeds, but any craftable object can be made with the craft marketeer, provided someone of your allegiance has the plan and has their skills set to public.  Good luck, and happy manufacturing!