---
---
Mystical Magic Mystical Magic - the art of concentrating a force in one\`s mind and then giving it an ethereal form - is considered the simplest form of magic as every type of caster can use it, from Wizards to Necromancers. By learning the first spell in the Estate, an unwary mage opens a path to greatness. Spells can be learned in Springlade, Northglen, and Coldglen. Classes – All Defensive Magic Those who embark along the path of a Wizard will learn the art of not only offensive magic, but defensive as well. Being able to conjure shields that defend against nature\`s most dangerous elements is an invaluable asset to any mage, as it protects them against one of their fiercest enemies – other mages. Spells can be learned in Northglen and Coldglen. Classes – Wizard Path Spirit Magic As any educated magician knows, one of the primest sources of magic is the land itself – exactly where Spirit Magic draws it\`s unique powers from. Summoning and manipulating nature\`s wrath is a tricky but useful skill that should not be underestimated, as there is little you can do to stop the very earth you walk on attacking you. Spells can be learned in Northglen and Coldglen. Classes – Shaman Path Elemental Magic In the world of magicks, nothing is regarded with higher esteem than those who can somehow control the pure essense of the elements that bind the lands of hope together – Air, Fire, Water, Cold, Energy, and Earth. Although the art of elemental magic is exclusive to those who have trained for years, it is a wonderous ability and fighting one who has such mastery should be met with an action of running away. Spells cannot be learned as of yet. Classes – Elementalist, Wizard Dark Magic Dark Magic is a skill both revered and feared, as a preresiquite of conquering it\`s chaotic wrath is first pledging allegiance to those of evil. Dark Magic is almost as rare as it is powerful, however, and it is unlikely to come across a dark mage in one\`s lifetime. If you do encounter one, however, and he does not kill you in the instant he sees you, respect him, as he is a mage of great influence. Spells cannot be learned as of yet. Classes – Dark Lord